post 10 lenovo thinkpad w 540 2300
Dollars
lenovo has come out with the screen of more
high quality in your ting line for
This 15.5-inch notebook has a
11 inches thick and weighs only 545
pounds
the legendary ergonomic keyboard
thinkpad has won awards for its
full size features and
resistant to spills and extra point
air pointing device its technology
connection thunder bold brand
registered simultaneously supports the
high resolution screens and
high transmission devices
performance through a single port
It also has an integrated reader
of fingerprints to make a
quick and easy access
lenovo has won more than 100 awards
international design
cutting-edge designs put 9 do
Ferrari 1100 3000 dollars
this striking number has a pattern of
black and gray racing test with the
small ferrari badge stamped on
center
really the elegant feeling that
it's your brother your body is made in
jet black with gray details
bright and the casing is built
with an ultra lightweight fiber chassis
carbon to add the feeling of
ferrari there is a power button
bright blackley that looks like a
car contact put 8 alien guard
of $ 18,300 without doubt
it's about a laptop for the
passionate player and has been
completely redesigned with graphics
dual with the system of windows 8 1 by
March and the fourth generation intel core
air processor i7 is known to this
machine like a monster gaming power
user and it goes on saying that the
alienware of 18 is the most portable
powerful of the universe the speakers are
certified by the engineers
clips sound and comes preloaded with
dolby home theater v4 software by
what is amazing for games or
enjoy other means of
7 day sound communication
mobile precision m6500
three thousand eight hundred dollars the one of m
six thousand eight hundred offers capabilities
of extreme processing and the
possibility to create gamut graphics
high including three of the screen
10-finger touch allows you to perform
multiple tasks with a drag drag
or just a touch of your finger offers
First class security in the part
superior together with the control system
bout also has 4 USB ports 3 0
and the intel r systems management to mcv
pro anda mueves max audio pros white
audio tools that of eme 6.800
it is also available in the edition
cover that is the same portable computer
high- end signature red
phoenix put 6 this to the macbook pro by
colorware 6000 dollars is announced color
Wire as the only company in the world
in which you can create your own
electronic device tailored with
this very limited edition produced a
all black 15 inch macbook pro
with a matt black finish
It also has a matte screen and you
gave that name because of its comparison
with this album see a bomber
stealthy though this laptop has
the internal functioning of the macbook
pro the comparison stops there
considering that the regular macbook pro
can be seen being carried by almost
everyone however there are only 10
this to the macbook in existence place 5
voodoo in 1171 6,500 dollars
Voodoo was a luxury brand of equipment
property of euler packard voodoo in
1171 was considered more than a station
of common work and is oriented towards
engineers and designers in addition to
high-end specifications offered
This machine can also choose your
own work paint and for
supplement a bit a tattoo so
that makes it different from all the rest to
Starting in 2012 bubble does not produce
teams put 4 diego force bentley
$ 20,000 the british karma that the
British automaker is
has associated with ego to produce this
higher
This equipment is handmade and dressed
with an authentic stitched leather
bentley diamonds that makes it match
with the interior of a Bentley car
the frames around the computer
laptop are made of white gold and the
bentley engraving handle called
fluted there are only 250 manufactured by the
price of this high quality laptop
it's definitely worth breaking the bank
post 3 macbook pro 24 face gold 30 thousand
dollars this laptop has been
customized by computer choppers a
company that personalizes any of
your high tech gadgets from
laptops and pads
smart phones and even
gaming devices even though they
specialize in 'paul' products
it is said that they provide their service in
any computer brand or
electronic article in this case
particular have taken a macbook pro and
covered in 24 carat gold is
ended with the official logo of him because
has multi-colored diamonds
they also offer the same version of the
macbook air
all tulle and diamond 350,000
dollars what makes this laptop
worth its incredible price is its
inlaid solid gold plates
white with thousands of cut diamonds
Bright high quality set
with perfect precision also
has a square ruby ​​cut
oriented in both tulip logos this
It was made for the woman who wants a
laptop as an accessory of
high-end fashion tulle and diamonds
it looks more like an elegant purse that
a tulip laptop developed
the golf acronym of easy going to do
facing the growing trend of
design of the space age and the
customization also comes with
different covers that can be
change as easily as your state of
cheer up
lauren duty master designer of the
Jewelry worked closely
with the design department of
tulip in this computer gem
laptop put one place leo one
million dollar laptop one million
Dollars
well here is definitely the most portable
expensive of the world
the company place I have worked with a
team of expert designers and
artisans to get to this piece
opulent machinery the creators of
This laptop allow the buyer
choose any material that
like for the body including
diamonds white gold or leather too
they can choose rare gems and stones
to accentuate your device and a weird
color diamond acts as a button
on is this customization that what
brings to this price point other
Features include a screen
17 inch wide led with reflections and one
blu-ray drive as well as a device
of integrated self-cleaning
definitely will not want to give
back to this laptop when it
get up to get your cup of coffee